Okay, first of all, yeah, we're going.
Okay, the Science Fiction Writers Association.
Right. Well, America, I'm sorry, Science Fiction Writers of America.
Okay, why did you want the job as president?
Why did I want the job as president?
I don't know. That's really a hard question to answer.
I don't know. Somebody had to do it because I thought I was the most qualified person to do it at the time.
I got about it because I've been involved in the organization
from the beginning. I've been vice president. I've been the grievance chairman.
And I've always, from time to time, felt that I was going off in wrong and stupid directions.
And finally, I felt that there were a certain number of things that I could get done in this period.
And then this was the time to do it. I always felt I was going to be president of the thing sooner or later.
And then this just seemed to be the right time to do it.
Jack Williams had been president and he had dealt with a lot of internal bickering.
And things like that, which I wasn't interested in dealing with at all. I think one of the flaws
of the organization had always been that it was too inward looking. And I wanted to see it more outward looking.
So we had to jack it down with the good deal with organizational stuff.
I felt it was a good time for me to come in and change the emphasis.
Okay, could you just tell me a little bit about what kind of things would you be interested in doing or changing?
Well, I'm interested in... Well, one thing that I'm already halfway through getting done is the internationalized.
It's to have an overseas region with an overseas director on our board of directors.
And because science fiction, writing and publishing really is an international community,
American writers sell their work all over the world. English writers sell their work here.
Foreign language writers have different problems.
And in the world dealing with the same publishers, it certainly is an international literature
and it's the spirit of the future and the spirit of internationalism. So, of course, I felt it should be an international organization.
That's one thing. Another thing that I want to do when I'm halfway through doing
is upgrading the Nebula Awards. We have moved it out of the World Rec Hotel.
We're moving into a much bigger room in the world. We're trying to make it into a more significant event than it has been.
Again, orienting it towards the world at large rather than towards the little in group.
Another thing that I would like to do with it is make it back more like a union.
We have been, you know, it has evolved in that direction. We now have a large, completely grievance committee.
We do act like a union in that sense. Times are getting rough now.
It's time when you need a, you know, a more militant, killed,
assigned fiction writer that you need in the past few years.
I've tried to orient it a little bit more in that direction too.
Those are the basic things that I, you know, that I want to do with it.
The ways I want to see it go.
Okay. Listen, David wanted me to ask you this. Who would we see about? We want to go to WorldCon.
It's going to be in Denver, we understand, next year. How does one go about registering for that?
Well, I don't know.